441 - Added support for different sizes group sizes to locale (#1779)
infor-design/enterprise: src/components/locale/readme.md

- `currencySign` - You can specify a specific sign to use for currency, otherwise it uses the default one for the current locale.
- `decimal` - You can specify a specific character to use for the decimal point, otherwise it uses the default one for the current locale.
- `group` - You can specify a specific character to use for the number group (usually 1000s), otherwise it uses the default one for the current locale.

> - `currencyFormat` - You can specify a specific currencyFormat to use, otherwise it uses the current one for the local. The ¤ is where the currencySign will go. ### is used for the number replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `currencyFormat` - You can specify a currencyFormat to use, otherwise it uses the current one for the locale. The ¤ is where the currencySign will go. ### is used for the number replacement.
```

> - `groupSize` - You can specify a specific where the thousands group separators will be placed. For example `[3, 0]` means that only the first group will have a separator, for example 1234,567. `[3, 2]` means the first group will have 3 digits and the other groups will all have 2, for example 12,34,567. The default for many locales is `[3, 3]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `groupSize` - You can specify where the thousands group separators will be placed. For example `[3, 0]` means that only the first group will have a separator: 1234,567. `[3, 2]` means the first group will have 3 digits and the other groups will all have 2, for example 12,34,567. The default for many locales is `[3, 3]`.
```
